1. Early in the interview Roger was asked what problems were being approached (and attempted to being solved) through the white paper “Fair value and decentralized governance of data”. What two core areas of data did Roger say he and his Computable Labs company trying to solve?
A. The two problems that were being approached throught the white paper "Fair value and decentralized governance of data” are : 
	- How one establishes the data or what sources do one uses to obtain data.
	- How to share values or solutions to people who crowdsource datasets.

2. In the Enterprise use case, what did Roger say about how to determine who owns data?
A. Roger said that the ownership of the data can be established with our protocol as described in the white paper. And decentralized systems that  ascribe ownership by having a source of truth or understanding. The things that matter are where they got the data from and whether they made the data more enforceful or right. 

3. What did Roger say are some of the problems with company’s centralizing data as it stands right now?
A. The problems with company's centralizing data as it stands right now are Outsized amount of control and they derive an outsized amount of value from data sets that are crowdsourced from all of us.

4. Roger describes a simple example of the basic workflow of how data is served by his technology through the use of decentralized “protocol contracts” and what he calls the “Data trust” storage. In your own words, describe how this process works.
A. Rogers says that we cannot simply trust anyone for establishment of data  instead there are companies that aree meant for providing the data.


5. Roger suggests a data marketplace model of service providers so that there is decentralized universal access to data, and mentions how “next generation crowd-source models” will propel the fair market value of data. What property did he say this fair market value would be based on to derive this value?
A. This fair market value would be based on Quality of data and how the data is collected, verified and validated. 

6. Roger is bullish on Data privacy and encryption technologies and how we might have a future where data on the Internet is open, fully encrypted and secure “in the open”. What two companies did he think would be one’s to watch in this space?
A. The two companies Roger thinks would be one’s to watch in this space are :Github and autonomous vehicle training.

7. What is a “synthetic” dataset (as described in the interview), and what problems did Ben challenge Roger on with a market where these datasets might exist?
A. Machine generated or computer generated data is called as synthetic data. The problems with these data may be  whether a dataset is valid and brief.

8. Which Block chain network will the project be available for testing?
A. Ethereum block chain helps the project to be available for testing.

